# Portfolio

A basic website hosting my personal portfolio.

## **Getting Started**

Clone it to your repo, then view it using a web browser.

## :computer: **Prerequisites/Built With**

Running this using Open Live Server - an extension of VSC, is recommended.

## :page_facing_up: **Installing/Running**

First, run `npm i` to download the necessary node-modules.
When writing scss code, run `npm run sass` to have code in `.scss` coverted into `.css`

## :page_with_curl: **Deployment**

This repo.

## :scroll: **Note**

- Dist folder: contains the distribution data that will be visible when opened by a web browser
  - CSS folder: generated by using node-sass module to compile from `.scss` to `.css`, scripts is in `package.json`
  - JS folder: contains code to describe the action when clicking the burger button
  - Four HTML files: describe their corresponding URL pages (/about, /contact, /index and /work)

- Scss folder: `.css` written using Sass - an extension for CSS language
  - `_config.scss`: pre-written variables and functions to be used
  - `_menu.scss`: styling for the burger button and its contents
  - `_mobile.scss`: styling for responive pages
  - `main.scss`: main styling pattern for all the pages

- `package.json`
  - `node-sass`: a library that allow writing `.scss`, then can compile into `.css`
  - script `sass`: run the node-module node-sass (compile `.scss` -> `.css`) then returns the output to `/dist/css` (--recursive to prevents partial and auto reload problems)

## :bell: **Contributing**

**This was intentionally left blank.**

## :speech_balloon: **Authors**

This Github account.

## :grey_exclamation: **License**

This repo is under GNU General Public License v3.

## :email: **Credits/Acknowledgments/References**

This website was made using this tutorial.
<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gYzHS-n2gqU>
